Implement Correlation with target as a selection method in `SmartCorrelatedSelection` (#827)
feature-engine/feature_engine: docs/user_guide/selection/SmartCorrelatedSelection.rst

    [True, True, True, True, False, True, False, True, False, False, True, True]

Correlation with Target
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Finally, let's select the feature that shows the strongest correlation with the target
variable from each group.

Let's create another toy dataframe with 4 features and a target variable:

.. code:: python

    import pandas as pd
    from sklearn.datasets import make_classification
    from feature_engine.selection import SmartCorrelatedSelection

    # make dataframe with some correlated variables
    def make_data():
        X, y = make_classification(n_samples=1000,
                                   n_features=12,
                                   n_redundant=4,
                                   n_clusters_per_class=1,
                                   weights=[0.50],
                                   class_sep=2,
                                   random_state=1)

        # transform arrays into pandas df and series
        colnames = ['var_'+str(i) for i in range(12)]
        X = pd.DataFrame(X, columns=colnames)
        return X, y

    X, y = make_data()

> Now, we set up :class:`SmartCorrelatedSelection` to find features groups with absolute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, we set up :class:`SmartCorrelatedSelection` to find feature groups with absolute
```

correlation coefficient >0.8 and retain the feature with the strongest correlation with
the target variable:

.. code:: python

    # set up the selector
    tr = SmartCorrelatedSelection(
        variables=None,
        method="pearson",
        threshold=0.8,
        missing_values="raise",
        selection_method="corr_with_target",
        estimator=None,
    )

With `fit()`, the transformer finds the correlated variables and selects the ones to
keep. With `transform()`, it drops the remaining features in the correlated group from
the dataset:

.. code:: python

    Xt = tr.fit_transform(X, y)

Let's explore the correlated feature groups:

.. code:: python

    tr.correlated_feature_sets_

> Similarly to the previous examples, we see that the groups of correlated features are

Reviewer: I think this paragraph needs to say that features were ordered based on their absolute correlation coefficient with the target. I think this is legacy from copy and paste. Could you have a look @ClaudioSalvatoreArcidiacono ?

> slightly different, because in this cases, the features were assessed in alphabetical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slightly different, because in this case, the features were assessed in alphabetical
```

> Similarly to the previous examples, we see that the groups of correlated features are
> slightly different, because in this cases, the features were assessed in alphabetical
> order, whereas when we used the variance the features we sorted based on their standard
> deviation for the assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the previous examples, we see that the groups of correlated features are
slightly different. Here, what happened is that the features were ordered first based 
on their absolute correlation with the target, before carrying on the search of correlation
with the other features in the dataset. Like this, the first feature of the group is retained, 
which is the one with highest correlation with the target.
```

.. code:: python

    [{'var_4', 'var_6', 'var_7', 'var_9'}, {'var_0', 'var_8'}]

> We can find the feature that will be retained as the key in the following attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can find the features that will be retained as keys in the following dictionary:
```

.. code:: python

    tr.correlated_feature_dict_

The variables `var_7` and `var_0` will be retained, and the remaining ones will be dropped.

.. code:: python

    {'var_7': {'var_4', 'var_6', 'var_9'}, 'var_0': {'var_8'}}

> 

Reviewer: After this code, I think it would ne nice to show that the correlation of var_0 with the target is higher than the correlation of var_8 with the target. Would you mind adding that @ClaudioSalvatoreArcidiacono ?
